HDDS-13680. migrate tracing to opentelemetry (#9038)
apache/ozone: hadoop-hdds/docs/content/feature/Observability.md

## Distributed tracing

Distributed tracing can help to understand performance bottleneck with visualizing end-to-end performance.

> Ozone makes use of [OpenTelemetry](https://opentelemetry.io/) API for tracing and uses otlp with Grpc format for sending traces.

Reviewer: Optional, but maybe we can also mention Ozone migrated from OpenTracing to OpenTelemetry in 2.1 (?) for historical context.

</property>
```

> Below are the configuration to be done to provide collector endpoint and sampling strategy. These are environment variables to be set for each Ozone component (OM, SCM, datanode)

Reviewer: Just a little suggestion to the text
```suggestion
Below are the configuration steps for setting the collector endpoint and sampling strategy. Set these environment variables for each Ozone component (OM, SCM, datanode) and for the Ozone client to enable tracing.
```

Author: done
